Well, let me go
Are you okay?
Let go of me!
What the hell are you doing?
Did I offend you?
You tell me.
Can't I change it?
After you
Can you not get so close to Guiyang River?
Why is that?
Because he is a financial advisor to our company.
You were so close to him
Is there any conspiracy? I don't have it.
I just enjoy listening to his lectures
All right
Then when you see him in the future, can you tell me why?
I'm your boss
The company does not allow people with investment power to exist
You'd better be on your own
Otherwise I will hire another financial advisor
You are with him in a way
Suspected of economic fraud
Well, I can tell you.
I apologize for what happened just now
Sorry.
It turns out that a rude and unreasonable person like him will apologize
Are you not hurt? I'm fine.
Do you understand, professor?
I don't quite understand this FBO part.
This is determined by these economies
And together they form an economic entity.
Wow, so spoiled.
All kinds of rubber covers have such a gentle side
Send to school Tieba